Hi there!

I am Tony Siu from Hong Kong SAR. Ive started the cs50 course since last year march and have been on and off the course for quite a bit. Im trying to build Web app for my client that I am coaching on extreme gradient boosted models so that he can have a better interface during my sessions with him. He is an Amazon statistician, a director of his own team, he briefs me on the statistical theory that he wants executed and I code up his script for him. But So far during our sessions I have to spend alot of time explaining code, adapting code, and guiding him through some devops before we can move on to our stock market regression model. It might be a bit frustrating for him. So Im gonna build a web app where he can enter the stock name to get historical stock values he wants from yahoo finance off of pythons yfinance API, and be immediately given a full explanation via visualizations to the inner workings of our model. I figured I didn't need a fancy complicated application and just find necessary tools for him to interface with. I have a running jupyter notebook and some scripts of our model. I also found this great tool called anvil.works to build a UI for him. Turns out, I can pip install anvil-uplinks, call a custom function from my jupytur notebook to out put raw data processed from my jupyter notebook! In the same way, I can also call the data visualizations from my jupytur notebook as an anvil media object to be also displayed into my anvil webapp!

And that's my final project. In the beginning I was thinking of using fast API or testdriven.io in the django framework to form my model in to a serviceable API, but that might just be for future updates of my ongoing project with him.